hey everyone this is talks with Chris
happened.com thanks for watching and
welcome back we're here in our
choose-your-own-adventure critical
situation of descent to zero using the
lair of the worm expansion if you're
unfamiliar with what we're doing here I
highly suggest to take a second and
click on the link on your screen to
watch the introductory video but for
those of you here to watch the hero's
journey thank you so much for joining us
and let's see what we can do to bring
justice to the world all right so we
have a lot happening on the board here
but we have a pretty good plan so let's
go ahead and fire it off so Reinhardt is
gonna come in first and he's gonna move
and go one two three right up here next
to these two monsters the fire imps so
the first thing he's gonna do is take a
swing at the master monster up here who
has four health and one great offense
died now he has an iron longsword which
is going to allow him to take a red and
a blue and attack we'll see what happens
here he gets pretty good roll of four
damage versus a defense roll of 1 so
that is going to leave the mint or the
master monster with three health so
we'll go ahead and we'll put three
damage onto this guy right here and
we'll just kind of put it next to him so
you know he's got some damage on him now
I'm just putting them on the board so
that you can see them when we play and
if you love to hear how everyone else
plays we generally with master monsters
we'll just leave the health on the card
because there's usually only one master
monster on the board okay so next up
we're gonna use leoric the orc is gonna
do something really fun leoric has to
fatigue out of five already on him he is
gonna move one two three four which is
his movement he's then gonna suffer to
fatigue to move an additional one and an
additional one more so that's gonna put
him at four total fatigue now he is
going to use his heroic feat his heroic
feat says perform an attack with a magic
weapon which is his sunburst that he has
this attack ignores range and targets
each figure adjacent to you one attack
roll is made but each figure rolls
defense dice separately now you'll
notice that it does say each figure
adjacent to you not each enemy so rain
heart is going to get hit by this
because he is adjacent but more
importantly this is going to hit these
three monsters so we'll flip leoric's
card over to show that we have used his
heroic feet and then we'll go ahead and
make a die roll with a blue and a yellow
attack die for his sunburst see what we
get we get a pretty good roll we get
three parts and one is surge
so that could potentially be five points
of damage
or it could stun people I think for what
we're about to do and hoping to kill a
lot of monsters we may want to go ahead
and do the the plus damage just to make
sure that we get it through so we'll go
ahead and use that as a plus two for a
attack for four damage so we'll have
five hearts and we're gonna roll all the
way around let's start with rain heart
since he is adjacent he's the hero here
he'll roll one defense die of three
because we used the surge for the plus
two he will actually take two damage so
it's not great but it's not bad that's
actually really good for rain heart now
we'll start off with the master monster
who also has a great offense he rolls
nothing so this guy is gonna be moved
off the board will lose a heart to the
other side and the Overlord is gonna be
able to bring him back possibly as a
reinforcement here in the entrance on
his next turn we'll go ahead and roll
for this guy and both of these are
pretty much dead we'll roll for him yep
because they only have two health so
that one attack did a great job of
getting rid of three of those monsters
which is really really helpful okay so
we have one monster left up here and we
think we have a pretty good shot at
getting rid of this ash Rhian is up next
a streon is going to come up here and
move
one two then a Korean is going to use
her blessed strike blessed strikes us to
use it as an ability and it says perform
an attack with a melee weapon which she
has that's the light hammer if you deal
at least one damage after rolling
defense dice you and one hero of your
choice
adjacent to you each recover two health
points so this could potentially take
the two health points back from rain
heart that he just took from that blast
that massive rune blasts from sunburst
that leoric did so we'll go ahead and
we'll add one fatigue to astron because
that's how much it's gonna cost us to
use the blessed strike and then we'll go
ahead and we'll roll an attack using the
light hammer against this minion monster
we have a blue and a yellow attack and
we roll pretty good we get four hearts
and a surge and the surge on the light
hammer can either be +2 damage or stun
well again since they only have two
health we'll go ahead and pump that up
to ensure they're gonna die they'll roll
their one even if they roll the absolute
best on this which is three they would
still be dead so this guy goes away and
dies and we have cleared out the entire
Caravan spot save for the shadow of the
dragon but more importantly we did
damage so both Astra and heals - and
rain heart heals - as he is adjacent to
her right there so that brings rain
apart back down to his seven damage
which is really good and manageable and
more importantly we are up and away from
the spiders chasing us down from the
overlords turn so that's the hero's turn
we'd love to hear what you thought what
you would do differently what you may
change pending on what your strategies
might be so feel free to leave your
comments below in the youtube channel
you can of course join in the discussion
on facebook on twitter and on google+ by
searching crits happen or at our
homepage at crits happen comm we also
highly encourage and suggest if you're
interested to check out the overlords
turn in comparison to see what they did
get ideas and some strategies talking
about there as well but we hope you
enjoyed this critical situation of
choosing your own adventure for descent
to dotto until we see you next time
thank you so much for watching
keep rolling those dice and we hope
they're all crits